= ActiveAdminConfirmPage

When you install this gem, the confirm page is inserted before
committing creation and update of resources in Rails ActiveAdmin.
Forms containing <input type="file"> are supported, too.

1. Add this gem to Gemfile.

  gem 'active_admin_confirm_page'

2. Add the line below to app/assets/javascript/active_admin.js

  //= require active_admin_confirm_page

3. Add translation messages (```ja.form.commit_update``` and ```ja.form.commit_create```)
  to config/locales/ja.yml.

  ja:
    form:
      commit_update:       "更新する(確定)"
      commit_create:       "新規作成する(確定)"

4. Add the line below to your resource ActiveAdmin DSL.

  ActiveAdmin.register Product do
    include ActiveAdminConfirmPage  # Add this line.

  Or you can use rake tasks.

  bundle exec rake active_admin_confirm_page:check_resources
  bundle exec rake active_admin_confirm_page:modify_resources

== Implementation

The validate action and routings are added when you
include ActiveAdminConfirmPage in your resources.

For example, these routings are added for a product resource.
        validate_admin_product PUT        /admin/products/:id/validate(.:format)    admin/products#validate
       validate_admin_products POST       /admin/products/validate(.:format)        admin/products#validate

When you press the submit button in a create or update form, an iframe
is created, the target of the form is changed to it, and the action of
the form is changed to the validate action.

The validate action shows a detail page when validation is OK,
shows a create or update form with error messages otherwise.

When the iframe is loaded, the contents will be applied to the original
page appropriately.


== License
This gem is released under MIT-LICENSE.
